Documentation improvements (inc. lengthscale explanation) and Matern12Kernel alias (#213)
JuliaGaussianProcesses/KernelFunctions.jl: docs/src/userguide.md

## Kernel creation

To create a kernel object, choose one of the pre-implemented kernels, see [Base Kernels](@ref), or create your own, see [Creating your own kernel](@ref).
For example, a square exponential kernel is created by
```julia
  k = SqExponentialKernel()
```
Instead of having lengthscale(s) for each kernel we use [`Transform`](@ref) objects which act on the inputs before passing them to the kernel.

> For example, to premultiply the input by 2.0 (equivalent to a lengthscale of 0.5) we can use the following options:

Author: I belatedly remembered that #212 is touching upon this as well.... @theogf should I just incorporate your changes from there in this PR ?

Reviewer: Yeah that seems like the most practical option!

Author: done

Instead of having lengthscale(s) for each kernel we use `Transform` objects (see [Transform](@ref)) which are directly going to act on the inputs before passing them to the kernel.
For example to premultiply the input by 2.0 we create the kernel the following options are possible
Instead of having lengthscale(s) for each kernel we use [`Transform`](@ref) objects which act on the inputs before passing them to the kernel.
For example, to premultiply the input by 2.0 (equivalent to a lengthscale of 0.5) we can use the following options:
```julia
  k = transform(SqExponentialKernel(),ScaleTransform(2.0)) # returns a TransformedKernel

>   k = @kernel SqExponentialKernel() l=2.0 # Will be available soon

Author: I think it's confusing to have something in the docs that isn't actually implemented. This example should be added back in by #38 if and when that's ready to go in.

Reviewer 2: I agree, IIRC it was one of the comments I had in https://github.com/JuliaGaussianProcesses/KernelFunctions.jl/pull/212 has well which addresses this section.

Reviewer 2: Maybe you should sync the PR with https://github.com/JuliaGaussianProcesses/KernelFunctions.jl/pull/212?

Reviewer: By syncing you mean merging its current status to this PR? Sure why not!

Author: done

  k = TransformedKernel(SqExponentialKernel(),ScaleTransform(2.0))
  k = transform(SqExponentialKernel(), ScaleTransform(2.0))  # returns a TransformedKernel
  k = TransformedKernel(SqExponentialKernel(), ScaleTransform(2.0))
```
Check the [`Transform`](@ref) page to see the other options.
To premultiply the kernel by a variance, you can use `*` or create a `ScaledKernel`
Check the [`Transform`](@ref) page to see all available transforms.

To premultiply the kernel by a variance, you can use `*` or create a `ScaledKernel`:
```julia
  k = 3.0*SqExponentialKernel()
  k = ScaledKernel(SqExponentialKernel(),3.0)

>   @kernel 3.0*SqExponentialKernel()

Author: Removed as not currently implemented, to be added by #38 (see above).

## Kernel creation

To create a kernel object, choose one of the pre-implemented kernels, see [Base Kernels](@ref), or create your own, see [Creating your own kernel](@ref).
For example, a squared exponential kernel is created by
```julia
  k = SqExponentialKernel()
```

> !!! tip "How do I set the lengthscale?"

Reviewer 3: It looks like this isn't rendering quite as expected in the docs -- the accompanying text appears outside of the box.

Author: Thanks, I didn't actually check how the `!!! tip` syntax works (the content of a tip/note needs to be indented), and didn't actually check the generated docs locally. Fixed now!

## Kernel creation

To create a kernel object, choose one of the pre-implemented kernels, see [Base Kernels](@ref), or create your own, see [Creating your own kernel](@ref).
For example, a squared exponential kernel is created by
```julia
  k = SqExponentialKernel()
```

!!! tip "How do I set the lengthscale?"
Instead of having lengthscale(s) for each kernel we use [`Transform`](@ref) objects which act on the inputs before passing them to the kernel. Note that the transforms such as [`ScaleTransform`](@ref) and [`ARDTransform`](@ref) _multiply_ the input by a scale factor, which corresponds to the _inverse_ of the lengthscale.
For example, a lengthscale of 0.5 is equivalent to premultiplying the input by 2.0, and you can create the corresponding kernel as follows:
```julia
  k = transform(SqExponentialKernel(), 2.0)

>   k = TransformedKernel(SqExponentialKernel(), ScaleTransform(2.0))  # equivalent explicit construction

Author: can remove this again if you prefer @devmotion

Reviewer 2: I think it is better to state only the more compact and recommended form `k = transform(....)` in the documentation.

Author: Done. There is probably some matter of "getting used to it" to this, but I have to say I find having to specify the inverse lengthscale to be deeply unintuitive compared to other GP packages. At least `transform(k, ScaleTransform(2.0))` is still explicitly saying what it is (and there could be a `LengthscaleTransform()` that divides instead of multiplying...), but I think it is not very helpful to new users that `transform(k, 2.0)` will give you a kernel with lengthscale 0.5. What are your thoughts on that ?

Reviewer 3: I think I agree that we could do more here to signpost what's going on here / offer a set-the-lengthscale option. I also think we could probably do with providing a bit more of an explanation for the rationale behind the transform approach to setting length scales, but that's a job for a different PR.

Author: Yeah I think that'd be great. It'd also be good to demonstrate how to set bijectors on parameters in this framework! But probably better to turn it into a separate issue/PR.

```julia
using Kronecker
x = range(0, 1, length=10)
y = range(0, 1, length=50)
K = kernelkronmat(k, [x, y]) # Kronecker matrix
K = kernelkronmat(k, x, 5) # Kronecker matrix
```
Make sure that `k` is a kernel compatible with such constructions (with `iskroncompatible(k)`). Both methods will return a Kronecker matrix. For those methods to work in your code you need to include `using Kronecker` first.
- For a Nystrom approximation: `kernelmatrix(nystrom(k, X, ρ, obsdim=1))` where `ρ` is the fraction of data samples used in the approximation.

## Composite kernels

Sums and products of kernels are also valid kernels. They can be created via `KernelSum` and `KernelProduct` or using simple operators `+` and `*`.
For example:
```julia
  k1 = SqExponentialKernel()
  k2 = Matern32Kernel()
  k = 0.5 * k1 + 0.2 * k2  # KernelSum
  k = k1 * k2  # KernelProduct
```

## Kernel parameters

What if you want to differentiate through the kernel parameters? This is easy even in a highly nested structure such as:
```julia
  k = transform(
        0.5 * SqExponentialKernel() * Matern12Kernel()
      + 0.2 * (transform(LinearKernel(), 2.0) + PolynomialKernel()),
      [0.1, 0.5])
```

> One can access the named tuple of trainable parameters via `Functors.functor` from `Functors.jl`.

Author: Should we explicitly mention using `first(Functors.functor(k))` as an example (see https://github.com/JuliaGaussianProcesses/KernelFunctions.jl/pull/212#discussion_r550477655)?

Reviewer 3: This seems like a good idea to me -- a brief sentence would probably suffice. @devmotion @theogf any thoughts?

Reviewer: So I checked and this is not completely true unfortunately:
```julia
using Functors
k = 2.5 * transform(SqExponentialKernel(), 2.0)
first(functor(k)) == ((kernel = Squared Exponential Kernel
	- Scale Transform (s = 2.0), σ² = [2.5]))
```

  k = SqExponentialKernel()
  x1 = rand(3)
  x2 = rand(3)
  k(x1, x2)
```

## Creating a kernel matrix

Kernel matrices can be created via the `kernelmatrix` function or `kerneldiagmatrix` for only the diagonal.

> An important argument to give is the data layout of the input `obsdim`. It specifies whether the number of observed data points is along the first dimension (`obsdim=1`, i.e. the matrix shape is number of samples times number of features) or along the second dimension (`obsdim=2`, i.e. the matrix shape is number of features times number of samples), similarly to [Distances.jl](https://github.com/JuliaStats/Distances.jl). If not given explicitly, `obsdim` defaults to [`defaultobs`](@ref).

Author: I found this paragraph particularly confusing, and it's important for new users to get right; I've tried to clarify the explanation, but happy to iterate on this!

Reviewer 3: I think this section actually needs to also talk about the `ColVecs` / `RowVecs` way of doing this as well -- it's arguably the primary way in which `KernelFunctions`s handles multi-dimensional inputs, with the `obsdim` kwarg just wrapping the input matrix in either a `ColVecs` (`obsdim=2`) vs `RowVecs` (`obsdim=1`).

Author: ok, should we leave that (related to #163) for a separate PR ?

Reviewer 3: Good shout.

- For a positive-definite matrix object`PDMat` from [`PDMats.jl`](https://github.com/JuliaStats/PDMats.jl), you can call the following:
```julia
  using PDMats
  k = SqExponentialKernel()
  K = kernelpdmat(k, A, obsdim=1)  # PDMat
```
It will create a matrix and in case of bad conditioning will add some diagonal noise until the matrix is considered positive-definite; it will then return a `PDMat` object. For this method to work in your code you need to include `using PDMats` first.
- For a Kronecker matrix, we rely on [`Kronecker.jl`](https://github.com/MichielStock/Kronecker.jl). Here are two examples:
```julia
using Kronecker
x = range(0, 1, length=10)
y = range(0, 1, length=50)
K = kernelkronmat(k, [x, y]) # Kronecker matrix
K = kernelkronmat(k, x, 5) # Kronecker matrix
```
Make sure that `k` is a kernel compatible with such constructions (with `iskroncompatible(k)`). Both methods will return a Kronecker matrix. For those methods to work in your code you need to include `using Kronecker` first.
- For a Nystrom approximation: `kernelmatrix(nystrom(k, X, ρ, obsdim=1))` where `ρ` is the fraction of data samples used in the approximation.

## Composite kernels

> Sums and products of kernels are also valid kernels. They can be created via `KernelSum` and `KernelProduct` or using simple operators `+` and `*`.

Author: This could probably do with adding an explanation of TensorProduct as well. Or just refer to the "Composite Kernels" section in kernels.md: could one of you help me out with how to get the cross-reference to a specific section in another file right?

Author: ```suggestion
Sums and products of kernels are also valid kernels. They can be created via `KernelSum` and `KernelProduct` or using the equivalent operators `+` and `*`, or `TensorProduct`. See [Composite Kernels](@ref) for the detailed definitions.
```
?
(What happens if the section heading is ambiguous?)

Reviewer 3: This looks like a good change to me.
